good morning I am Amir Onodera and my
fellow work met freedom and we will
repress anything about CMOS integrated
circuit design
first question 1 draw a static CMOS
logic circuit and static diagram for the
following logic function first we do the
pull-up network equation and pull down
Network equation in pool if it plus it
become x and vice versa in PD n we have
to invert the equation if it x it will
be serious occurred whereas if it in
addition it will be parallel circuit
this is a static diagram for the
following logic function now you will be
seeing about question 2 by using the
question is by using pull-up network PU
and and pulldown network PD and
construct static CMOS circuit based on
the boolean equation we are having two
equation that is z1 a bar b bar plus a B
bar and z2 FB plus AC the first for the
first equation will be seeing about that
one a a B ma and a be first in the polar
equation will be we will be dividing the
we will be separating the multiplication
to addition and addition to the
multiplication as we seen over here and
the PD n is test about it's just
inverting about the equation and we
could see this will be the equation of
product of the it will be the result of
the equation and same goes to z/2
the equation will be like
and this will be the static CMOS diagram
which will be there and when there is an
addition it will be a parallel and when
the when there is a series it will be
when it is a multiplication it will be
serious as to be seen here the Pima
circuit have a bar and B bar because of
the equation same goes the PD and E bar
and B bar this will be the normal
circuit diagram and that's all from us
thank you